Update account flag docs to include new CAP-35 flag (AuthClawbackEnabled) (#401)
stellar/new-docs: content/api/errors/result-codes/operation-specific/index.mdx

| [Bump Sequence](./bump-sequence.mdx)                             |     |

</MethodTable>

> For operations that aren't in this list, you can usually refer to its corresponding entry in the [List of Operations](../../../../docs/start/list-of-operations.mdx) which will enumerate the failure cases and their corresponding result codes.

Author: ```suggestion
For operations that aren't in this list, you can usually refer to their corresponding entries in the [List of Operations](../../../../docs/start/list-of-operations.mdx) which will enumerate the failure cases and corresponding result codes.
```
